http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> ApiKey
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> KEY
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/coreui.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> Key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> token
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/perfect-scrollbar.min.js -> Key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/perfect-scrollbar.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> ApiKey
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> KEY
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/coreui.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> Key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> token
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/perfect-scrollbar.min.js -> Key
http://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/planillas/assets/js/perfect-scrollbar.min.js -> key
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> ApiKey
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> KEY
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/bootstrap.min.js -> key
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/coreui.min.js -> key
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> Key
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> key
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/jquery.min.js -> token
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/perfect-scrollbar.min.js -> Key
https://ddjjrrhh.minsalud.gob.bo/assets/js/perfect-scrollbar.min.js -> key
